thank you for logging on to now we're
cooking Jacksonville's most
comprehensive and interactive cooking
show created in cooperation with set
sirs appliances and featuring chefs from
surrounding areas preparing their
favorite recipes hi I'm Nancy rick
certified personal chef here to show you
today a quick easy coconut fried shrimp
living in Florida we have access to
great shrimp and today we are going to
coconut fry it it's very simple right
here I have some wax paper down and the
purpose of the wax paper is less things
you have to mess up the less things you
have to wash so we're going to make a
little flour mixture to get the shrimp
in first and then we're going to add a
little dry mustard the flower is just
about a half a cup here and then I put
about a teaspoon of dry mustard in just
mix that with your fingers will have
that prepared for the coconut threading
we're going to use about a half a cup of
dry bread crumbs you don't want them to
be Italian seasoned just clean dry bread
crumbs and then i'm going to use about a
coat a cup of shredded coconut you can
use the bag coconut or painting coconut
and it's sweetened and just mix that
together that way we can have everything
all prepared so we can just drop them in
to be fried next we're going to take one
egg and about a third of a cup of heavy
whipping cream first thing we're going
to do is we're going to dip the shrimp
into the flour and then you want to dip
it into your batter mixture your egg
cream mixture and then you want to roll
it into your coconut mixture and just
set those aside we'll do a few of them
here and then we'll get Brian and we'll
do a few more
the purpose of the flower going on the
shrimp first is so that the batter
mixture of the egg in the cream has
something to adhere to otherwise if you
just stuck the shrimp in the batter it
would just run off and then then the
coconut mixture would not have anything
to stick to and I'm going to drop these
in real quick and we're using fry daddy
today I know many people have fried
daddy's in their home but you could also
just use a skillet with pure vegetable
oil I'm going to drop these in get those
going and will batter up a few more how
to know when your shrimp or done is
until they become golden brown shrimp
only take depending on the size 2 to 4
minutes to fry in the fry daddy they try
nice and even you don't want to find too
long leather become tough and as you can
see these are nice and golden brown
there's one with the shrimp tail on if
you're serving them to company you might
we'll leave the trip too long because it
gives a little better presentation and
then here are some of the shrimp tail
off and you can serve these with
cocktail sauce or you can make a little
sauce with some duck sauce and a little
dry mustard and have a little sweet and
sour type dipping sauce or orange
marmalade we're just going to finish up
now put your flour mixture dip it in the
batter mixture again
this also works well with chicken bites
if you want to take some chicken breast
and cut them up small to about shrimp
size if you don't like shrimp coconut
battered chicken bites kids enjoy I'm
gonna drop these into the fry daddy any
time you're frying also be very careful
not to splatter the breeze so this thing
about the fry daddy is as you fill the
grease up to the line where it has
inside and the oil is low enough and
your hand stays far enough away from the
grease and when you do drop them usually
doesn't splatter if you're worried about
that you could place them on your
spatula first and show you the middle
specular no rubber you'll melt it and
drop them in that way and then you want
to worry about the splatter and I just
kind of stir them around once i drop
them in there so they don't clump
together they don't stick together we
have three more here we'll go ahead and
nate
to the side I've got these other ones
already now nice old brown nice color
nice presentation and of course you want
to drain them on paper towels and I'm
using to pay a china and pepper plate
which works great because it also will
help absorb any excess oil when you
remove the shrimp then our last one here
this is also a great recipe you could do
tailgating too if you use a portable
little burner it's quick safe right
click so you don't have to sit around
waiting on them to cook up these are
great as an appetizer you have doing a
party or as a main dish you don't have
to worry about them not being cooked all
the way through I'll break one open so
you can see but they're cooked and
they're still moist not dried out and
will not be chewy enjoy your recipes
have fun and join us next time on now
we're cooking on Jacksonville calm
you